Release 0.4.0 (#220)
ios-course/ironfoudation-team-project: release_notes.md

The format is based on [Release_notes format](https://github.com/ios-course/ironfoudation-team-project/wiki/Release_notes-format).

## 0.4.0

### New features

> 
> `User profile`: Add the ability for sitters and owners to enter information about themselves. The entered information is saved after the app is closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

`Create a Sitter Profile`: Join us as a sitter and start earning money with your pet care skills!
```

Author: Yes, your version is obviously better.

> `User profile`: Add the ability for sitters and owners to enter information about themselves. The entered information is saved after the app is closed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`User profile`: Added the possibility for the users to enter and save information about themselves on the profile screen. Data is stored persistently.
```

Author: As we discussed, I applied Nadia's version.

> `Connect pet sitters and pet owners`: Add a connection to the remote server what enables pet owners to have a list of registered pet sitters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Find your sitter`: If you have a furry friend, you can easily browse through our list of  pet sitters to find the one that best suits your needs.
```

> `Connect pet sitters and pet owners`: Add a connection to the remote server what enables pet owners to have a list of registered pet sitters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Connect pet sitters and pet owners`: Added the possibility pet owners can see a list of pet sitters and find out additional helpful information as well as the phone number for the selected pet sitter.
```

Author: As we discussed, I applied Nadia's version.
